And now, from Andrew to John, the Apostle John.
He was living at a most critical time.
The last surviving Apostle.
He was helping to hold back a tidal wave of worldly influence
and apostate thinking that was already eroding
the Christian congregation under divine inspiration.
John wrote a most vigorous letter to his brothers.
We can still sense in him that fiery enthusiasm
that earned him his name, Son of Thunder.
And that letter, the letter that we're going to look at right now,
will show you, you like John can thunder for Jehovah.
Well, how can you do that?
Let's find out.
We're going to open up now to 1 John, chapter 1.
We're going to read verse 1 and 3.
And watch how John makes very clear his objective
right from the outset.
1 John 1, verse 1.
That which was from the beginning.
Now, the beginning was with Christ Jesus
and his pre-human existence.
He was the first born of all creation.
We have heard which we have seen with our eyes,
which we have observed and our hands have felt him.
And notice that John right away wants to grab the attention
of the brothers and to say, look, we heard him.
We've seen him with our eyes.
We've observed him.
I felt him.
I touched him.
I laid my head in his chest.
Did John even hear his heartbeat?
Well, the fact is, is that these messages were so clear
to John and he wanted to make it known.
Notice verse 3, that which we have seen
and heard again, John repeats this.
His teachings, I saw them.
I heard them.
I'm so convinced that God's powers operating through him
that they're in verse 3.
John says, we are reporting also to you.
I'm reporting this to you, John said.
John had such good reason to thunder.
He was a living link to Christ.
The brothers alive at that time did not have the privilege
that John had to walk and to touch
and to be taught by Jesus personally.
But John did.
And he was so moved by these experiences
that he wanted to report these real life experiences
about Christ.
But why?
To protect his brothers.
To protect his beloved brothers from the false teachers
at that time who were trying to draw them away
from the truth, you see John spoke up against lies
that the apostates and the other false teachers
were spreading in his day.
They were telling disgusting lies about God in Jesus.
They craftily constructed speeches designed
to corrupt the teachings of Christ.
John knew that, he felt it.
They even claimed to have secret revelations
and superior knowledge and they both said
they were the correctors of the apostles, liars.
And John could not stomach liars.
And it is of interest out of the 15 times
the Bible used the word liar.
He used the word eight times.
You see John continued to thunder, defend and speak out
for the truth.
Because he loved the truth, he loved Christ Jesus
and he loved the father, Jehovah.
Similarly today, lies and false reports against the truth
abound and enemies of the truth use any means
to try to smear the reputation of Christ's brothers.
But now what's the point?
Your time here at world headquarters,
your time with the governing body,
your time with the responsible brothers
from world headquarters convinces you.
First hand, had any negative reports
that you hear about the organization are lies.
And now you can thunder for Jehovah
by defending the truth about those whom Christ appointed
to take the lead in his organization.
And look what you've been able to do.
You can say just like John, look, I've heard, I've seen,
I've observed, I've felt that is me.
I've had a close up view.
This is even a closer look than you can have
on CW broadcasting.
This is one on one in the flesh.
And you can say, I've had a close up view
of God's spirit directed organization.
And now I am reporting to you, my beloved brothers
and sisters and the assignments that you have.
That's what you can do now.
What I have seen and I've heard.
And in this way, imagine what you can do to strengthen,
stabilize and build confidence in your brothers.
This is your responsibility now.
This wasn't coming here to school just to have a good time.
I know you did have a good time,
but that wasn't the objective.
The objective is now that you go out
and you serve your brothers.
All of you, each and every one of you,
brother, sister, single, married, it doesn't matter.
Your brothers and sisters now deserve
a Gilead graduates reward.
And you're going to give it to them.
And you thunder in doing that.
Now let's go back to the Apostle John.
You see, John's thunder never diminished to a low rumble.
Think about it.
What did John do when he was released from prison
on the island of Patmos at nearly 100 years old?
What did he do?
I mean, did he say I'm a weak old man?
There's nothing I can do anymore.
No, no, no.
You see, he knew the apostasy was coming
and that oppressive wolves were already misleading
the brothers, but John said, not on my watch.
And he would continue to thunder for Jehovah
by using his every fiber of his being
to help his brothers write down to his dying breath.
How did he do that?
He wrote four Bible books
and including the portion that we just read here
in first John chapter one.
He didn't retire.
He was still full of fiery enthusiasm
wanting to help his brothers because he loved the truth.
But what helped John to keep the thunder rolling?
What helped him?
He knew the final outcome.
You see, a 96 CE before his release,
he received that unexpected flash of light,
the revelation, a vision of 144,000,
kingdom conquerors who will rule with Jesus in heaven.
He got that.
Then he was told about an integrity keeping great crowd
out of all the nations that would worship God in truth.
He got that.
Can you imagine how that strengthened his conviction
that in spite of the apostasy, he said true worship
would not be extinguished?
So think about it.
If a prophetic vision of the great crowd
encouraged John to continue to fight and defend the truth,
what about you?
You who see not a vision, but the reality of its fulfillment.
Now John is seeing the reality from heaven, true,
but you have a front row seat right here on earth.
As you witness, the greatest preaching effort in history
and you watched Jehovah perform a modern day miracle
by gathering a great crowd from all the nations.
No matter what we face now,
or in the future, keep the thunder rolling.
Why?
Because you know the final outcome.
You see it already developing.
John continued to thunder for Jehovah,
but he mellowed through the years of faithful service.
His fiery enthusiasm is now on display in perfect balance.
A man who once wanted to call down fire from heaven
to get results, now uses a force much stronger
and more effective.
What is it?
Love.
Fact first, John chapter 2 and verse 14.
Notice what he says here in just since the love
that he has when he writes verse 14.
I write to you, fathers,
because you have come to know him
who is from the beginning.
I write to you young men,
because you are strong.
The word of God remains in you,
and you have conquered the wicked one.
Can you sense the love?
John is saying, look, the word of God remains in you.
He used the powerful force of love to commend his readers
because they never lost their heartfelt appreciation
for the truth.
Can you see yourself doing that?
You see, thunder without love is just noise.
But be determined to lovingly commend your brothers
for their endurance.
Thank them for their integrity.
Commend them for their unselfish love.
Touch their hearts when you speak with them.
Our brothers need encouragement,
not criticism.
Well, as I look at each one of you,
I have a lot of thoughts going through my mind.
I do.
I mean, here you are.
I mean, all of the memories are flooding through my mind,
flooding through my heart.
It's amazing.
As I look at you,
I can still hear your comments.
But you know what else I can hear?
I can hear each day when you came to class
how you thundered into that classroom.
You did.
I have never seen such a thunderous class.
There you are each morning, hugging each other,
clapping for their morning worship comments,
commending each other.
It's as if you hadn't seen each other in three months.
It was just last night.
You saw each other.
But oh, no.
You thundered in appreciation for divine truth
and for the privilege to be here at school
and for each other's integrity keeping course.
Now, as you leave,
what do we want you to remember?
We want you to remember how you can keep the thunder rolling.
How can you do that?
I'm going to give you three ways.
One, defend the truth.
Don't allow false reports and lies about the organization
that you love, the organization that you love and cherish,
the very organization that brought you to these seats.
Never allow lies and false reports to stop you
from reporting what you have seen and heard firsthand.
Two, remember the final outcome.
True worship will prevail.
You already see it doing so.
And three, use the powerful force of love.
Use love to command and fortify your brothers,
encourage them, build them up.
Use love.
And like John, with all your might,
with all your ability, thunder for Jehovah.